hi is it hard having two jobs
gotta pay the bills
but if you wanted if you had to pick
between
remember your comment on is it hard no
because you could really figure out a
way to do both like way on the road like
you sometimes you spent nine hours and
I'll tell me with nothing to do and so I
just feel that time up with writing a
comic since that actually completely
works pretty much the whole first series
was written on the road yeah and and
each part of each each issue is finished
in a different country which i think is
kind of awesome the reason that Vietnam
even appears and series tickets because
we were in being second series but I
have a shot of beer bongs cool it's
awesome they're mad the scooters the
whole scooter
hey Vince you want to do this thing
where we have sions on the scooter with
a baby yeah so if i had a pic i really i
really could you know what I actually
like doing all of it I would love to do
more I just you know I would love to
direct the TV show I'd love to make
movies I want to I want to do everything
you know as long as I have something to
say and a reason to do it then I'll do
I'll do it but it's really a really hard
to pick I feel that without either I
that would be like missing a limb hi
George I just want to say I